[[resources-account]]
== Account

[[resources-create-account]]
=== Create account template

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/account/create-account/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/account/create-account/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/account/create-account/curl-request.adoc[]

[[resources-find-ca-identities-by-registrar]]
=== Find CA identities by registrar template

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/account/find-ca-identities-by-registrar/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/account/find-ca-identities-by-registrar/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/account/find-ca-identities-by-registrar/curl-request.adoc[]

[[resources-find-single-ca-identity-by-registrar]]
=== Find a single CA identity by registrar template

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/account/find-single-ca-identity-by-registrar/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/account/find-single-ca-identity-by-registrar/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/account/find-single-ca-identity-by-registrar/curl-request.adoc[]

[[resources-account-join-silo]]
=== Account JOIN_SILO template

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/account/account-join-silo/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/account/account-join-silo/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/account/account-join-silo/curl-request.adoc[]

[[resources-account-leave-silo]]
=== Account LEAVE_SILO template

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/account/account-leave-silo/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/account/account-leave-silo/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/account/account-leave-silo/curl-request.adoc[]

[[resources-find-accounts]]
=== Find Accounts template

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/account/find-accounts/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/account/find-accounts/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/account/find-accounts/curl-request.adoc[]

[[resources-enroll-account]]
=== Enroll account template

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/account/enroll-account/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/account/enroll-account/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/account/enroll-account/curl-request.adoc[]

[[resources-re-enroll-account]]
=== Re-enroll account template

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/account/re-enroll-account/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/account/re-enroll-account/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/account/re-enroll-account/curl-request.adoc[]

[[resources-revoke-enrollment]]
=== Revoke an enrollment for account template

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/account/revoke-enrollment/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/account/revoke-enrollment/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/account/revoke-enrollment/curl-request.adoc[]

[[resources-publish-admin-cert-to-msp]]
=== Publish admin cert to MSP template

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/account/publish-admin-cert-to-msp/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/account/publish-admin-cert-to-msp/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/account/publish-admin-cert-to-msp/curl-request.adoc[]

[[resources-account-change-password]]
=== Change accounts password template

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/account/account-change-password/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/account/account-change-password/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/account/account-change-password/curl-request.adoc[]