[[resources-channel-config]]
== Channel config

[[resources-update-absolute-max-bytes]]
=== Update absolute max bytes template

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/channel-config/update-absolute-max-bytes/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/channel-config/update-absolute-max-bytes/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/channel-config/update-absolute-max-bytes/curl-request.adoc[]

[[resources-get-absolute-max-bytes]]
=== Get absolute max bytes template

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/channel-config/get-absolute-max-bytes/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/channel-config/get-absolute-max-bytes/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/channel-config/get-absolute-max-bytes/curl-request.adoc[]

[[resources-update-batch-timeout]]
=== Update batch timeout template

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/channel-config/update-batch-timeout/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/channel-config/update-batch-timeout/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/channel-config/update-batch-timeout/curl-request.adoc[]

[[resources-get-batch-timeout]]
=== Get batch timeout template

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/channel-config/get-batch-timeout/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/channel-config/get-batch-timeout/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/channel-config/get-batch-timeout/curl-request.adoc[]

[[resources-update-preferred-max-bytes]]
=== Update preferred max bytes template

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/channel-config/update-preferred-max-bytes/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/channel-config/update-preferred-max-bytes/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/channel-config/update-preferred-max-bytes/curl-request.adoc[]


[[resources-get-preferred-max-bytes]]
=== Get preferred max bytes template

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/channel-config/get-preferred-max-bytes/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/channel-config/get-preferred-max-bytes/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/channel-config/get-preferred-max-bytes/curl-request.adoc[]

[[resources-update-max-message-count]]
=== Update max message count

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/channel-config/update-max-message-count/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/channel-config/update-max-message-count/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/channel-config/update-max-message-count/curl-request.adoc[]

[[resources-get-max-message-count]]
=== Get max message count

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/channel-config/get-max-message-count/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/channel-config/get-max-message-count/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/channel-config/get-max-message-count/curl-request.adoc[]

[[resources-update-channel-add-new-org]]
=== Add new organization

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/channel-config/update-channel-add-new-org/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/channel-config/update-channel-add-new-org/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/channel-config/update-channel-add-new-org/curl-request.adoc[]

[[resources-add-org-admin-to-channel]]
=== Add new admin to a channel

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/channel-config/add-org-admin-to-channel/http-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/channel-config/add-org-admin-to-channel/http-response.adoc[]

==== CURL request
include::{snippets}/channel-config/add-org-admin-to-channel/curl-request.adoc[]